# pythonproject
First part done by David L and Srikar K.
This project is for an application called Dripp - the concept revovles around making buying used fashion an image driven experience. We took heavy inspiration from popular lookbooks as well as websites like mercari and stockx for this idea.
Technology: The entire project is built using django. All HTML is in the templates. We have also made the basic shell for an API version of this if you’d prefer to do this in react or some other front-end framework. Those are commented out throughout the file.
Models: We have one beefy item model that holds a lot of information. We used a bunch of choice inputs in order to force users to choose from a list of items. These can be changed using the models.py file if you’d like. The model has a FK to the user allowing for tracking of which users posted anything.
Cloudinary Info: We added a field that allowed for users to upload images to the site and have them display. We had to a fairly involved process of getting cloudinary to host these images as they were uploaded. You’ll notice an API information section in the project’s settings.py. Make sure to update that information (hard-code) OR PREFERRABLY use an external file with the information and then import it and then .gitignore the file with your information so that no one steals your info! Feel free to ask us questions as needed.
Things needed to be done: CSS (we haven’t done anything so use bootstrap if you’d like). User permissioning (only user can update and delete posts that they made). Functionality to have all items for a single user listed on a page (this is what the user_details.html page was meant for - we didn’t build it yet).
